foreign the best way I know the measures
that people want to be a part of it
people like it and I don't mean
everybody but the people who are staying
who are consistently a part of that team
enjoy being a part of the team they want
to be a part of the team they like
performing as a part of that team that's
functionality
welcome to the art of accomplishment
where we explore how deepening
connection with ourselves and others
leads to creating the life we want with
enjoyment and ease I'm Brett Kistler
here today with my co-host Joe Hudson
foreign
Good morning Joe good morning Brett good
to see you yeah you too so we've been
talking a lot about teams lately and
it's just come up that perhaps this
would be a really good series to do yeah
I mean I spent a lot of time there right
so
then
the 12 or so Executives that I coach I I
spend a lot of time with their teams and
I I'm totally fascinated in love you
know creating functional teams I'm
really excited to talk about it yeah so
let's dive right into the meat we're
going to have a couple of different
episodes on teams in general but let's
just start with
the core what is a functional team and
how do we build a functional team
what does that even mean yeah so it is
super simple and super complicated at
the same time so
what is a functional team is not an
answerable question I don't think there
is such a thing and the reason I say
that is because
a functional team
that is a
cryptocurrency
hedge fund
is going to look different than a
functional team that is the elite Navy
SEAL
Group which would be different than a
functional team of a you know canned
tomato processing house
so functional is a con is context
dependent on some level there's some way
in which that's the case
and then some level it is the case that
all teams that are functional have some
shared quality mostly that quality is
Trust
there's a lot of ways to take apart what
that means what does trust mean but
generally that's the main thing is that
the functional team has trust for each
other yeah and you you can also have
different kinds of teams what are what
are we referring to as a team there
might be there might be the team within
your company but there also might be the
team that forms when you're in a
relationship with a client and you know
their team or producers in your movie
yeah or investors or your family or your
family yeah exactly Community yeah
what's amazing often is that you see
um Executives who can run really super
functional teams at work
but they don't apply some of those
learnings to their own family
right where they're like very interested
in hearing the wisdom of all the people
in the team and at work but they're not
interested in hearing all the wisdom or
they don't make a point to hear all the
wisdom of the of the family team the
husband or the the teenage kids right so
they're so or they run their run their
family the way that they run their
military unit yeah I've seen that
I've seen that
um yeah that doesn't work so good
so right and that that's a great example
of how different teams are like a
military unit is going to run different
than a family and both are teams and the
way to get to functionality is the same
and both of them need Trust
so that's what I would say yeah yeah so
it sounds like there's there are things
that are specific to the to the context
of any any team any group things that
would be specific to how they build
trust and also things are specific to
whether or not they're functional yes
and what their definition of functional
even is and what are what are some
different examples of
a definition of functional that might
like highlight why it's different in a
family versus in a company let's say
you're working recently I've been
working with a whole bunch of AI
engineers and one of the things that
they need to do to stay functional is to
agree on the context in which they're
speaking about so basically somebody
comes in and you see this happen in
family sometimes too right where
somebody comes in and uses an example
to articulate a point and then they
argue over the example
right so in a family situation for
instance it's
um somebody's trying to explain that
they feel unheard and then they say yeah
remember with the dishes the other day
you know I felt like I was unheard with
the dishes and then the other person
goes yeah well you shouldn't you should
have done the dishes
and then there's an argument over the
dishes instead of the fact that the
person felt unheard that's what I mean
by like so in if you're doing like
complex engineering one of the things
that you have to do to stay functional
is to not go down rabbit holes that are
meant for examples that you need to be
able to agree on the context
but if you're doing a
a sports team that doesn't that's not
really required so much to understand
the context right like it's like you
don't have to you know what exactly
example you're using when you're talking
about
like
you throw the pass more accurately or
the context is so agreed upon and it is
uniform for their team activity that you
don't have to do that so that would be
an example of how different teams have
to
create different functionality to be
effective whereas Engineers don't need
physical prowess to be functional but a
soccer team sure as heck does yeah and
you might you might trust a soccer
player to be in flow physically with
their body and be intuitive uh and you
might not trust them to be the most
thoughtful
planner of a date or something right you
know right there might be a different
way that you could trust them if you if
you understand the way that that person
is and they may also be I don't know
right they may also be great at dates
too you know but I'm just saying there's
different all soccer players suck at
dates let's just publish publish
So Okay so we've got this we've got
these ways that are ubiquitous across
teams that all teams need to be
functional and the the core one you've
mentioned here is trust and then there's
other there's all kinds of measurements
and you could get lost in the details
around how you measure your functional
team and argue about the measurements
while not addressing the functional team
right
um how how can you tell how functional
your team is for the context that you're
in what what does that look like there's
two possibilities there generally
speaking the first one is are you
meeting your goals or are you achieving
results better than other teams in that
place right in that field in that market
in that
so that's one way to say am I functional
and
and that's somewhat limited because if
let's say you're
you know if you're playing in a field
where everybody's dysfunctional
you could be dysfunctional
and not know it because you're the best
in the dysfunctional
um it's also it's limited uh because in
Strong Enough there's a quote in venture
capital is in Strong Enough winds even
turkeys can fly which is a weird quote
because turkeys fly actually but they
don't fly for very long but it means
that if the market forces are so strong
that it's easy to be successful even
though you shouldn't be successful
you don't have to be a great investor if
you just happen to get into Bitcoin 10
years ago right because you thought it
was cool that doesn't make you a great
investor but you might think you are
because you've had success
but you know it's you don't have a
long-term thing so
so those are the two reasons why just
meeting your numbers or meeting your
goals or having your goals
compared to other people's goals be
successful so it's a good way to measure
but it's not the only way and it has
some shortfalls the best way I know the
measures that people want to be a part
of it people like it and I don't mean
everybody but the people who are staying
who are consistently a part of that team
enjoy being a part of the team they want
to be a part of the team they like
performing as a part of that team that's
functionality
and the reason I make that very
particular thing about it's not for
everybody a functional team knows how to
get rid of
the wrong people quickly
or get the wrong people into the right
position so to speak or get the right
person the right position even if
they're in the wrong position but it it
basically means that getting rid of
people and attracting the right people
is part of what makes a great team you
know you talk about trust a lot and I
think also safety yeah safety is
something that makes people be able to
be efficient and be able to be
successful in what they're doing if they
if they feel safe
which comes from trust if they can trust
their team
to receive them and give them feedback
on their work and they trust their
processes and they trust their system
yeah and then they'll be able to do good
work and they'll be able to perform
safety is a weird one let's talk about
that I talk about trust
um I don't I steer away from safety a
little bit but it is a really important
thing so it's kind of an interesting
question football players get on a field
and they're not going to feel safe
they're not going to be like oh I feel
like I'm going to win right like there's
there's a lack of safety inherent in any
challenge or it's not a challenge so
so there's a level of safety where that
isn't
if you give too much safety it's kind of
like a a string on a guitar and if
there's too much safety
then it's strung too tight and it's Out
Of Tune and it's not enough safety and
it's too loose and so it's that tune so
it has to be really clear that these are
the things that are inherently unsafe
about the challenge that we're
undertaking or about this job
and then then everything else should be
safe everything else should be safe
meaning
um if you are uh
climbing up Mount Everest with a team
you need to feel safe to say
I don't feel right about this this isn't
working for me I think this is going to
happen you need to feel safe to be able
to express your opinion you need to be
able to feel safe to say okay I'm having
a hard time I need some help all those
things are necessary to feel safe but
you're not going to get the safety of
the fact that you might not die on Mount
Everest right absolutely there's no
there's no way out of the the inherent
unsafety of existence correct correct in
this reality but you can feel more or
less safe
showing up as your full self to your
team bringing all of your wisdom all of
your fears and your anxieties all of
your concerns and then trusting that
they will be included in such a way that
brings functionality to the team
trusting that the things that you're
afraid of in yourself are also signals
that bring functionality to the team yes
and and the
the other thing that happens with safety
is people especially in this in the
modern culture they use safety as a form
of control so they say I don't feel safe
and then that means other people need to
change their behavior
so that's that's a whole nother level of
dysfunction that can happen within that
word of safety
trust however for me is very it's like
trust is multifaceted if I'm working
with you we work together so I have
trust for you I have trust that we will
talk
and we will listen to each other and we
will be true to ourselves I have trust
um financially that you're not going to
screw me and that
I am not going to screw you I have trust
in you that we can have conflict and we
can resolve that conflict and be
stronger on the other side I have trust
that you're going to do the things that
are important to making the podcast
successful and you're going to do the
things you say you're going to do I have
trust in Your Capacity to perform on the
podcast trust is multifaceted and
there's lots of ways to get to it
um
but trust is is is like a very key thing
and you can't say like
it's very hard to control somebody
um out of trust
you need to be more trustworthy by x y
and z
usually is a pretty solid like yeah
you've stolen from me and I can't trust
you so this is gonna end the
relationship or you need to figure out
how to convince me to trust you again or
whatever that is
so it's harder to manipulate other
people with trust yeah and and also I
think there's something something
valuable in recognizing where there is
not trust yes because I think sometimes
we can be
we can fall into the belief that we want
to be in a team that trusts one another
so we just lead by
feigning trust that we don't actually
have
and then we get either burned or we
subtly defend ourselves in ways that we
don't own
without just being clear about where
there's no trust in that right if I
can't tell you if I can't tell you
what's going on with me that might
affect our relationship there's no trust
in that and you see that all the time
particularly with Executives
particularly with CEOs is that they
don't share with their team how they're
feeling because they have this idea that
they need to
that they need to take care of everybody
that they're responsible for everybody
so they have to handle it all on their
own
and so they're not saying to their team
hey
I'm really scared about X Y and Z or
um the way you said that doesn't work
for me or the way this team is
functioning is off for me because I
think that they have to fix it and
therefore their team can't trust them
then their the team is sitting there
going okay when's the bad move gonna
happen when's the reaction gonna happen
when's the
so in that example if you're not sharing
what's wrong for you then you're not
trustworthy if you're not sharing what's
happening for you you're not trustworthy
and you're also not trusting a team this
I mean this brings me back to some of my
experience as a CEO where I would take
things on and you know from my like
from a self-reliance perspective of this
is mine to carry this is my fear I don't
need to let this you know trickle down
through the team
and there's a way that that's not
trusting them to handle the reality of a
you know scary situation instead what
would happen if I owned it and said wow
I noticed that I'm not trusting you guys
to hear the difficult information or
this the thing that's scaring me and I
don't want to be in a team that doesn't
have that trust so I'm going to try
sharing this yeah and like beautiful
what what would it be like yeah how
would that go uh how much would they
trust me after sharing if it doesn't go
well then you really know what you have
to fix right yeah then you then you find
out which which people on your team
aren't ready to hear you know difficult
information yeah yeah yeah which ones
you can trust exactly so trust is
multi-faceted
and it's there's different things that
you have to trust each other for but
they're built in really similar ways
trust is built in similar ways it's
having the difficult conversations it's
not avoiding them
any conflict avoidant manager if you are
listening to this and you are a conflict
and boy manager your team does not trust
you I guarantee it I guarantee your team
doesn't trust you you think you're being
nice but what you're doing is you are
destroying the trust between you and
your team
so I forgot where we were I just went on
a tangent I wanted to say that so badly
yeah well I mean that's great how How
could somebody tell if they're a
conflict avoidant manager
let's say that somebody who has conflict
brought to them all the time
and so they're from their perspective
they feel like they're not avoiding
conflict but what what or maybe they
bring conflict up on their own terms
what are some of the ways that people
might not be aware of their conflict
avoidance if you have people bringing
conflict to you all the time then you
are conflict avoidant
because you're not just you're not
dealing with the conflict and so it's
just it just exacerbates and gets worse
and worse
yeah looking back on life yeah wow yeah
yeah so
good question yeah great yeah so
building trust is critical and conflict
avoidance is one of the ways to destroy
that
um not doing what you say you're going
to do allowing people to be in a
non-accountable situation like not
not dealing with the dirty laundry
whether that's dirty laundry between two
people whether that's
the fact that this product isn't selling
whether that's the fact that you know
you want to have sex with people outside
of your marriage
not dealing with that not talking about
it not bringing it up that is a way to
destroy trust bringing it up is a way to
create Trust
it might be hard but it's a way to
create trust doing what you're gonna you
say you're gonna do
but then That's How trust is built Okay
so we've talked about ways of building
trust like you know doing what you say
you're gonna do bringing up the
difficult conversation having the
difficult conversations and I think
there's also a level of trust that's
built that you can trust that you can
bring something difficult to somebody
and it'll turn into a productive
difficult conversation yeah so there's a
great study that Google did on this
where they measured all their St their
teams and that the study is called
the Aristotle project I believe and
we'll put it in the show notes and they
basically found that the teams that were
most functional were functional even if
they changed their goals so oh you're in
you know you're on Chrome okay now
you're on YouTube that might not be a
real life example but they could switch
their things and that team would still
be functional and
and so they were like what makes those
teams functional and the things that
they came up with were that people felt
free to express themselves and everybody
did Express themselves that's what they
could measure that showed the
functionality of the team
I think that
there's a subtlety there that people
don't get which is
that works inside of teams but it
doesn't work outside of teams meaning if
I think people should all have their
voice heard if they're willing to
contribute and put effort and they're
trying to solve the problem but if
you're just standing on the outside and
you think you have the right for your
voice to be heard and you're not
actually addressing the problem but it's
not your thing to do
it might be great for someone to get
your advice you might have great stuff
but you shouldn't have power over the
project so it gets really dysfunctional
in teams when people want their voices
heard and think that their voices should
be heard but they're actually not
contributing to the solution yeah
reminds me of that CIA document that
we've pointed to a couple times in the
podcast that showed how to destroy an
organization is to make sure that it's
you know board controlled decisions with
at least six people yeah exactly yeah
yeah reaching consensus or something and
then the other thing is the the correct
kind of safety meaning people need to
know a team needs to know what they need
to do to be successful
and that means clear goals but it also
means clear principles it means clear
kind of Behavioral Norms it means that
they're not going to be hired and fired
over their boss's whim that it's there's
just some sense of like I know what I
have to do here
and it's funny it's like one of the
least safe professions is professional
sports as an example
and
however in professional sports
there's a way that people feel safer
because they just know if I perform at
this level I stay and if I don't I go
and so it's the hard part is that people
and organizations they don't know often
when they when they're gonna
get fired and and if they know that it's
far more secure feeling for them and
therefore they can perform better or at
least their anxiety can be like directed
in the like on the right direction in
the right direction
it directs their attention to the thing
that is actually most valuable for them
to correct you know to perform that's
right instead of some other thing yeah
and that's where politics all politics
in a team come from that if you create a
team where people it's not clear and cut
and dry what will make them stay and
what will make them leave the team what
will make them successful and what will
make them fail in that team then
politics arise so if you're sitting in a
company right now and you have and it's
a political company it means that the
success is based on relationship not on
performance yeah and then that politics
is just misdirected you know anxiety
that's correct well perhaps correctly
directed but just the system isn't
properly defined that's what I mean by
trust that's the thing that's ubiquitous
yeah could you imagine how effective a
soccer team would be if you weren't kept
because
of performance on the field or because
of the relation the how well you played
with others you know but instead it was
how much the the owner's wife liked you
like they would not win very much or an
arbitrary number of goals scored by you
that right isn't flexible to the actual
state of the game that's right yeah yeah
so that brings up a good point here how
do you then set goals that are safely
and accurately measurable so that people
can understand
how are they what is expected of them to
succeed in a way that is actually
directly tied to the performance of the
team and not to some something arbitrary
so this is this is the specific thing
right so when I said that there's
there's at the beginning there's no such
thing as a like a team a way to describe
a team that's functional
it's because
goals are different in and how to set
them as different and the metrics that
you run your business by uh different or
your family by are different
even a family who's living in
sub-Saharan Africa is going to have a
different set of goals to make them
functional than say a family that's
living in
Silicon Valley
so I can't say what should your goals
what your how you do the goals or how
you define the metrics of your business
or of your team but what I can say is
the process to find them and so that is
an experimental process
so you have your thesis and your thesis
is your goals and then you run the
thesis and you see how performance
happens through enjoyment through
sustainability of your company and then
and you and in that process you also
have this is how we operate a set of
principles and I would say that's how
you do it is you just kind of
so I remember when I was a venture
capitalist
I was constantly thinking about what are
the metrics for the business which is a
way to say what are the goals for the
business what are the leading indicators
and I'm constantly thinking about how to
refine them in a way that's more and
more functional and a great example of
this
is in a book
um I think it's good to great and they
talk about Walgreens when they were
taking off and all the other drugstores
weren't
um they were beating the market
substantially and they talked about how
their main metric wasn't
uh sales per store their main metric was
sales per customer
because they were measuring the customer
experience did the customer buy nine
dollars of things on average or eleven
dollars of things on average and so
their whole metric was based on customer
experience rather than just revenue and
so what you measure and how you measure
it is a huge I mean it's a art form and
a skill set
but the more you understand your
business or your family the more the
metric is so for instance for me the way
I measure the functionality of my family
the bottom line of my family's
connection
do we feel connected with one another
do I come home and I feel connected with
my kids and my kids come home and feel
connected to me do we feel connected
with ourselves that's the bottom line
for me that's that's what I am
constantly monitoring to not constantly
but I monitor to see like the health of
the family
and so it's different for different
things and so it's it's an experimental
process and the two parts of the
experiment are like how are we going to
exist I would call that principles and
and how what are we measuring that's
what you do yeah in that story
I think there's also something else
about like how are the measurements that
we take impacting our culture correct
because you could set a goal and then
measure how much that goal is being
achieved
and you can also measure
when we set this goal how does our team
respond to the goal
what kind of stress does this create or
what kind of performance does this
produce what kind of
excitement does it bring what impact
does the goal itself have on the team
well it gets even more confusing than
that because it's not just the goal
that's on the team it's how the gold was
rolled out to the team did the team did
the team create the goal or did you
create the goal and give it to your team
here's the thing that I think people
don't get everybody wants to do a good
job
there's nobody I'm sure there's somebody
but there's very few people who are like
you know what I just want to do a shitty
job
everybody wants to
be successful like I've never met
anybody's like you know what I'm going
to try to be unsuccessful this year it's
like everybody wants to be successful so
the question is what is the environment
doing to
um take away their desire to be
successful what's the environment doing
that is uh allowing them to be victims
to the to the machine rather than the
creators of the machine
and I think that oftentimes people are
worried about how the company is going
to take this new thing this new change
that comes from management that's that's
like the worry that you see with a lot
of CEOs I'm going to make this move I
wonder how the company is going to take
it
instead of oh the company has all this
wisdom how do I harness it how do I
harness the wisdom to sharpen my own
ideas of the company and if you do that
then the first issue of how is the
company going to take it is never
particularly an issue it's it's very
similar to the wisdom that so many
managers know who do who create product
which is
if I'm creating product
I don't say this would be a great
product build it and sell it I go out to
the world and I say what's the product
that you want what are the features and
if I built this would you buy it oh and
what would make you not buy it
and so then you find the product that
that people would buy naturally that's
that's the idea that you don't even need
to advertise for that would be a great
way to make a product it's also the
great way to run a company is to
you know and this has been done through
the years through different things like
management by walking around or
um you know uh there's a great example
of the guy who ran Boeing whose Name
Escapes me but when he went to Ford
he just waited until somebody gave him
bad news I think it took months and then
somebody gave him bad news like okay
you're CEO
right which is like because it was all
everybody was showing up everything's
great it's like no it's not great the
company's got like losing money you know
so
um
so it's that it's that kind of a thing
yeah yeah so yeah then how do you
measure the measurements that you're
setting up in your how do you prevent
this from being a infinite recursive
Loop yeah I don't I don't know if that's
a great question I don't think it's ever
not an infinite recursive well it
doesn't have to be recursive but it's it
is an infinite Loop meaning
Evolution changes you can get some
things that stay pretty
for a long period of time I don't think
you're going to run a company and not be
measuring your Revenue I don't think you
know there's the the typical
measurements which are on a balance
sheet and a cash flow statement an
income statement that you're going to
probably want to measure no matter what
uh but what Apple measures today I hope
is
crazily different than Apple measured in
1984 and so I do think that there's a
constant wrestling with the measurement
system and and
but the more important part is and I
think the part that escapes most folks
is
it is very much like the scientific
method
that you say okay this is this for me
that when I walk into companies it's
like what's the thesis
how do we test it what's the way of
acting that we think will be right what
are the measurements
that we tested and then we start running
it and in that the measurements get
refined as do does the thesis gets
refined about how we want to act and be
at what are the principles we want to
run by
and what most people seem to do is they
either do it by
default unconsciously this is the way
the CEO is and therefore this is how the
CEO runs and it's amazing what's amazing
to me is especially in Silicon Valley
you'll see this all the time you'll see
CEOs who will measure freaking
everything but they don't measure
culture
or they measure culture but they're not
aware that basically the culture they
want isn't the most effective culture
it's just the culture of their behavior
patterns they're just reflecting their
behavior patterns into the company
um I can't tell you how many you know
people I've spoken to are just like the
company is run by trying to make the CEO
happy
which is wholly ineffective
um so they're either that way or there's
just um there's an assumption that this
is the way that the culture should be
based on some reading so it's either the
culture should be this way because of
who I am as a CEO or
because of some reading instead of oh
well well if we tweak this part of
culture what happens to Performance it's
not iterative it's not you know an
interactive thing yeah linking linking
the culture to the mission of the
company rather than linking culture to
the preferences of management yes this
is interesting yeah yeah yeah yeah
another example of
that you've brought up before
that can bring this kind of experimental
system down to something like concrete
that we could talk about to close out
the podcast something that you've said
is that when you walk into a team that
you're working with and you watch them
have a meeting you can tell how
functional the team is by and correct me
if I'm wrong but by how many people
speak up one of the ways correct yeah
one of the ways and of course there's
some nuances that you described earlier
as to they're they're speaking up to
something that you know they're involved
in and that's constructive so how do we
create if we were to measure something
as simple as that just somebody who's
walking away from this podcast curious
and they're thinking about their next
meeting and they're like how how is it
in a meeting that I'm in how much are
people speaking up how much
is the wisdom of the of the company
arising into the meeting versus just how
would you measure that and how would you
start to create more trust in that team
yeah and bring up the difficult stuff uh
with compassion and kindness ask the
person who is most quiet in the meeting
what they're thinking if people aren't
speaking ask them what's making them not
speak I remember
I remember I walked into a company once
and the CEO
talked for about seven minutes and then
to introduce me and then handed it over
to me and the first thing that came out
of my mouth was so what I just noticed
was that he spoke for seven minutes and
none of you were listening
and I asked each person what made them
not listen to the CEO oh wow and then I
asked the CEO what made him speak for
seven minutes when he wasn't being
listened to yeah what what came up
after some Jaws were picked a lot of
[__] discomfort um there was some
discomfort and there was also
like some like oh I was listening to
them and I would have to be like
I I don't consider you typing on your
phone listening or I don't consider like
you there's no eye contact there was you
were not involved so there had to be
some argument to kind of like so the
first thing that happened was avoidance
of the truth of the reality and then the
second thing was discomfort
and then the third thing was they were
talking about the real stuff then they
were talking about what's really going
on in the company and it got really good
really quickly because it it it became
really clear that the team felt like the
CEO needed to be right rather than to
to get it right and that the team had
lost trust in the CEO
and it became really clear that the team
themselves were divided into different
like little fiefdoms
parent who had paired off to go it's us
against the you know blah blah blah
and so it all got out on the table
inside of an hour
right so it's intense but like
it's what's funny is
if you're listening to this and you're a
CEO and you're like oh my God that would
be scary if I had a way for you to
figure out the 10 reasons your product
doesn't work inside of an hour would you
hire me to do it
yes right so it's that again that
emotional thing that people don't want
to feel which it prevents them from
finding the truth about their company
quickly so okay now now I could imagine
somebody walking away like oh great I'm
gonna walk into my team tomorrow and I'm
gonna be like all right everybody I
notice you're not paying attention to me
I can't trust you unless you're paying
attention to me so pay attention to me
and I I see that that it might not play
out the way that it did for you and I'm
like Curious what are what are some of
the nuances and difference there
differences there in like really
speaking to the trust versus using it as
a power move I was being brought in to
help the team get to functionality so I
might the context was different
um when you're doing it for yourself you
just say what you want
oh I notice I want to hear you more
Elisa all right here I want to hear you
more Ben
um I want to hear what you have to think
about it or oh I noticed that
um I want more trust in this group and
it seems like there's politics that get
in the way
I go into teams and one of the things
I'll do almost immediately on the team
is I'll ask everybody what they want
from a team
and they almost always agree on
everything that they say and if they
don't agree it's usually semantics
so it's like one person will say I want
a team that supports each other and I'm
like does anybody else want a team that
supports each other everybody says yes
and so everybody really wants the same
thing so if you start owning your wants
and you start creating the vision of the
way that you want the team to be whether
you are the head of the team or not head
of the team it doesn't matter everybody
wants it
no there's nobody's like you know what
not you know I want a [__] political
team I want a team where I don't feel
safe and I have this backstabbing and
there's no support like nobody feels
that way
right there's people who feel like
that's the way all teams are and it's
going to be that way so I need to
protect myself
and I need to win the game but there's
nobody who actually wants that team and
so if you own your wants you can be
assured that it's what everybody else
wants as far as trust yeah even if they
don't want the same thing as you they
just you owning your wants helps them
more clearly Define and see the path to
getting their needs met correct yes
that's right
yeah they might not want the same
actions as you but they definitely want
the same kind of team as you do if
you're on the same team yeah everybody
wants to be a part of a winning team
everybody wants a supportive team
everybody wants to be in a team that
they can trust everybody wants a team
where they know that people will tell
them their problems instead of telling
other people about the problems they're
having with them like everybody wants
that and for those who don't
tune into our next episode which is on
how to build a dysfunctional team
[Laughter]
not joking coming right up that'll be
fun okay
bye all right thank you Joe good to be
with you again Brett
thanks for listening to the art of
accomplishment if you enjoyed what you
heard today please subscribe and rate US
on your podcast app we'd love your
feedback so feel free to send us
questions or comments you can reach out
to us join our newsletter or check out
our courses at Art of accomplishment.com
foreign